*" At first they were too prepared.  Three weeks after the start of the roll, 14 days and a 12,000-bed hospitals were already under construction.  And they really built them in two weeks."* True*"Adding to this, they are now the single largest owners of US treasury with 1.18 trillion holding surpassing Japan. 
An instrument that has seen the most rally"* Also true*"How come Russia & North Korea have Low or Zero incidence of Covid- 19 ? " True still
*"Now China shall OWN  the stocks of All Western Alliances and these countries will soon be slave to their NEW MASTER..... CHINA"* All hail the red devil.All this and a few more things though make it look like the case however when something comes from a trump tard I would not believe it all of a sudden. (I am not calling you, Qamar bhai, the trump tard, the one who wrote this is trump tard). As far as Nanci Plouci is concerned she has already won, trump has nothing to deliver (even before this pan epidemic) however american government + their judiciary + their law enforcement is all biased and worship their "hero" that is their veteran (note that *in service* not those who got retired) and they were the ones who put trump in place.Now coming to the question and scenario: It is possible that it was made by china and that it had already found the cure (before spreading the covid). But I am not sure if Wuhan has come out of the misery yet and Chinese economy is about to collapse (at least companies/entrepreneur in Wuhan they have lost their business and I am not if they can ever get back on their feet (however, I was wrong about Japan as well, when the great flood hit it, a few years back, and then blast of the nuclear powerhouses made it even worse but within three months they started getting back to business and re establish themselves that was remarkable, I might be wrong here as well specially considering that they are the same race) and if my theory is correct that it was not made by china and hence they don't have the cure yet then in next month we will see economic collapse of china whose economy is based on running business and promises of keeping it run (they keep building - even cities, even when there is no one to live in them (it has been continued for over a decade now)) and they only do so because their economy is strongly tied with this mindset that if I throw my money in construction I will get it back and it has been proving fruitful for them for some time, however it is wrong approach and eventually this will end and with its end we will see economic collapse of china and this virus may just prove to be that). So, if my theory, that it was not made by china is correct and that they don't know the cure, is correct then china will not have enough money to save it own company (Huawei) let alone buy any company from outside, though other things that companies (originally US/Europe based) working in china will lose their share price and anybody rich enough will be able to buy them cheap.I still think it was planned by America as you see, China has biggest reserve of dollar that is over a billion and a few years ago china threatened to unleash the economic crisis on US (2018 I think?) by opening mouth of its reserve which would at first devalue dollar by 10% and trickling down affect (because of foolish implementation of capitalism the US and all other capitalists (Europe) have deceptively overrated their currencies and economy and will eventually see collapse of their failure insha Allah) will bring down their economy to 20% that is 80% drop in the value and something similar we have seen in economic crisis in 1930s and 1980s and even in 2015 (for a brief period had it continued their economy would have died away but Obama gave over a trillion dollar bail out package to save its banks. I would say that US and many associated countries (who are strong believer of capitalism and love the sood (riba)/ interest) will see dramatic drop in their currency if their banks go down. You will be able to get a hundred dollar or more for one rupee insha Allah.
